feat: location (#29)
decentraland/decentraland-dapps: README.md

## Location

> The location module provides a `navigateTo`, `navigateToSignIn` and `navigateToRoot` actions that wrapps `react-router-redux`'s `push` action. It also provides some helpful selectors:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The location module provides the `navigateTo`, `navigateToSignIn` and `navigateToRoot` actions that wrapp `react-router-redux`'s `push` action. It also provides some helpful selectors:
```

}
```

### Advanced Usage

You can use different paths for default locations by creating a location reducer

<details><summary>Learn More</summary>
<p>

```ts
import { combineReducers } from 'redux'
import { createLocationReducer } from 'decentraland-dapps/dist/modules/location/reducer'

const locationReducer = createLocationReducer({
  root: '/',
  signIn: '/sign-in'
})

export const rootReducer = combineReducers({

>   location

Author: actually it has to be named `location` so the selectors work, so the line that was wrong is the one above where I instantiated it.

good catch!

This `<Navbar>` will show the user's blockie and mana balance because it is connected to the store.

## Navbar

> The `<Navbar>` container can be used in the same way as the `<Navbar>` component from `decentaland-ui` but it's already connected to the redux store. You can override any `NavbarProp` if you want to connect differently, and you can pass all the regular `NavbarProps` to it.

Reviewer: Maybe we should add a link to `[decentraland-ui](https://github.com/decentraland/ui)` here and in the other instances?

Author: makes sense, I'll add those 👍

      },
      "menu": {
        "agora": "Agora",
        "blog": "Blog",
        "docs": "Docs",
        "marketplace": "Marketplace"
      }
    }
  }
}
```

## Footer

The `<Footer>` container can be used in the same way as the `<Footer>` component from `decentaland-ui` but it's already connected to the redux store. You can override any `FooterProps` if you want to connect differently, and you can pass all the regular `FooterProps` to it.

### Dependencies

The `<Footer>` container has support for i18n out of the box if you include the [Translation](https://github.com/decentraland/decentraland-dapps#translation) module.

### Usage

This is an example of a `SomePage` component that uses the `<Footer>` container:

```tsx
import * as React from 'react'

import { Container } from 'decentraland-ui'
import Navbar from 'decentraland-dapps/dist/containers/Navbar'

import './SomePage.css'

export default class SomePage extends React.PureComponent {
  render() {
    const { children } = this.props
    return (
      <>
        <div className="SomePage">
          <Container>{children}</Container>
        </div>
        <Footer locales={['en', 'es']} />
      </>
    )
  }
}
```

> This `<Footer>` will show all only English and Spanish as the options in the language dropdown. If you don't provide any it will use the 6 supported languages: `en`, `es`, `fr`, `jp`, `ko` and `zh`.

Reviewer: I think `This <Footer> will show all only English and Spanish` sounds kind of weird. I'm not sure what it means

Author: typo 😅 it should be "This `<Footer>` will show only English and Spanish..."

### i18n

If you are using the [Translation](https://github.com/decentraland/decentraland-dapps#translation) module, the `Footer` contatiner comes with support for the 6 languages supported by the library.

### Advanced Usage

> You can override any of the default translations for any locale if you need to

Reviewer 2: This is similar to the one we have in `Navbar` and other sections. What do you think of moving it to the translations section where you point the keys used?

Author: I know it looks repetitive but I think as the library grows it is better to keep the translation options on its respective component rather than having them all in one place, otherwise at some point it might be difficult to tell apart which translation keys belong to each component
